# Inf2D-cw1--autotester

Autotester for Inf2D - coursework 1: graph search

## Notes
- `numNodes`: The tester assumes you do not make use of the numNodes variable (tbf, there are no variables in Haskell). It does not make sense to use it, and I think this means they'll only test the `next` function with 4x4 graphs. Anyways, I do not because edge cases are important, so if you use `numNodes`, you should replace it with `(ceiling . sqrt . fromIntegral . length $ graph)` wherever you use it (assuming your graph is called `graph` and is in scope).

- `undefined`: The code should still work if you have a function which is undefined, if that is not the case create an issue or text me directly.

- **DICE**: A bunch of things can go wrong on dice, look below for how to run on dice.

- **Updates**: The tester updates itself through `git pull`. Make sure you run it from its directory and install with `git clone` rather than copying files.

- **Autotests**: These are autogenerated tests, they might be wrong. I check for equivalent results, but if you're failing and think you're right send me a screenshot and I'll check.

- **Errors**: The rest of the tests is written by hand and checks what is, to my understanding, the expected answer. If you think I'm wrong then idk.

- ***STAR THE REPO.***

- **Anything else**: just shoot me a text on messenger.

## Installation

Just git clone where your coursework files are:

```bash
git clone https://github.com/lollobaldo/Inf2D-cw1--autotester.git
```

## Usage

Just `cd` into the repository and run the `runTests` command (remember to give executable permission on Linux):

### Linux/DICE
`ghc` must be in your path, look below for common errors
```bash
module add ghc
cd Inf2D-cw1--autotester
chmod +x runTests.sh
./runTests
```

### Common errors:
- `runhaskell: not found`: it means `ghc` is not in your path, run `module add ghc` and try again;
- `module: command not found`: run `source /etc/profile.d/modules.sh` and try again
- If you see some scrambled letters instead of a nice table, run with the `--windows` flag: `./runTests --windows`.


---
### Windows
```batch
cd Inf2D-cw1--autotester
runTests.bat
```
**Note:** needs Git bash to run on Windows, VSCode terminal might not supported unless you use powershell.

---

## --show-all
The Tester only shows the details of the first 5 failed tests. If you want to see all the results, pass it a `--show-all` flag. This might result in a ***LOT*** of stuff displayed.

## --show-detailed-auto
The Tester does not show the inputs for the autogenerated graphs, as these are **BIG** (like, from 10x10 to 50x50 matrices). Pass a `--show-detailed-auto` if you still want to show those.

## --no-timeout
The Tester currently stops a function if it does not return any value after 5 seconds. Pass it a `--no-timeout` flag if you want to run it indefinitely.

:heavy_exclamation_mark:**NOTE:** this may result in a stack/heap overflow error

## --no-meme
Pass it a `--no-meme` flag if you don't like to see LambdaMan :cry:

## Bugs
Shoot me a text on Facebook if there's anything wrong.

## License
[MIT](https://choosealicense.com/licenses/mit/)
